In the database, a piece is just a collection of measures. Chunks don't exist in the database, but
it will return chunks to the front-end so it can show to the user what must be practiced that day.

So, a chunk consists of ...

The front-end will get a package of chunks grouped by piece, so it's not required to cross-reference
the piece to which the chunk belongs inside the chunk itself.

The chunk is received by the front-end, and the same chunk is written back to the firestore. Thus,
each user will have in the database a list of chunks at any time. When one is written, it means the
chunk is completed for that day. This will trigger an action that will update the measures that were
within the chunk with relevant information like tempo and played time. A measure will also have
assigned a new due date at this point, which also depends on how well the chunk was practiced and
what the overall status of the measure is.

I don't think it's particularly important or useful to keep track of how long a measure was
practiced. It is interesting to know how often it was practiced, which is why there is a
due date and a practice dates on a measure. The due date is when it should next be practiced, and
the practice dates is a list of dates on which the user practiced this measure. This way, you can
see at the end which measures gave you trouble and how often you practiced them to nail them.

To describe the progress of a user within a measure, there is first of all the tempo. If the
tempo is null, we know they are not able to play it confidently yet, so they must practice it daily.
But beyond that, a user who can play it at 30 should still play it at least every 2 days I think,
while a user who has been playing it for a month, can suffice with every 3 or 4 days. Perhaps we
can look at the length of the practiceDates. When it's less than 10, every other day. When it's
between 10 and 20, every three days and when it's over 20, every 4 days. Still, a user must be
able to let a measure come back sooner. While this is a good base set of rules, they should be
able to override it with feedback from their previous practice session.

The logic above is overridden by the average quality of their practice of the measure. The user is
asked to rate their practice of the chunk every time, just a quick 5 options. These correspond to
the ints 1 through 5. This number affects two things:
- When the user practices the measure again. I.e. if they are very confident after practicing 5
times, they would normally still repeat every day. However, the average of 5 would increase this
interval by 2 (5 - the median, 3).
- The speed at which the metronome tempo increases. If a user is at a 5 for a measure, they are
offered to increase the tempo by more than what it would be by default. For example, if the default
way to increase the tempo is by 2 steps of 5 BPM once every 3 days, with a 5 this would increase to
4 steps of 5 BPM.
