When tapping the CTA to create a new piece, the user first sees a dialog, asking them whether they
want to learn an entirely new piece, or whether they want to add measures from a piece they are
currently learning. I.e. when the user decided to first learn the coda.

When creating a piece, the user is asked to input certain information about the piece:
- The composer.
- The name of the book.
- The number of the piece.
- The length of the piece.
- The desired tempo.
- Any repetitions.
- Any pageturns.

The composer.
There will be a table of composers, from which the user will be able to select theirs. If the
composer they want to add is not yet there, it will be added to the table. I must think about this,
as it will be very easy to get duplicates in your database by people being unknowing about how
things work.
When people add a composer that is not there, they are asked to provide as much information about
the composer as they can.

The name of the book.
Once the composer is known, the name of the book can also be fetched from the Firestore. There will
just be one fetch the moment the user chooses their composer, instead of making a new request
every time the user changes their input.
When people add a new book, they are asked to provide as much information about it as they can.
The name, opus number, whether there are more volumes and, if so, which volume this is, date
published, number of pieces. They are allowed to continue just providing the name, but I really want
as much information as possible.

The number of the piece.
Same as with the book, once the book is selected, we already know the pieces within. So we allow the
user to pick one that has been practiced by someone else before them. This is especially great, as
it allows users to add a piece with minimal input; the length and repetitions will be prefilled.
If their piece is not there, they will the page as usual. Any information provided will be available
to other users.

After providing core information about the piece, the user is asked about personal settings for
this piece. While these can be changed at any time, it should be where most of the settings are set.

At this point, the user can also choose whether they want to practice the whole piece or just a
part. This setting is useful for first isolating the most difficult part. If they choose to practice
just a part, they get to give a nickname to this part.


